Don’t forget to- lbmbmlbmlmlmblmm. Right! Hey! Hey just wait a second man, who the hell took that picture!? The man who’s d*ck she was sucking. (That means she’s probably still in the hotel across the way.) My lips are tighter than a, ffff*ck! Hm, yes, of course sir! (That means she’s probably still in the hotel across the way.) My lips are fatter than a white ffff***ck! Hm, yes, of course sir! Hang on just one second, Dick! It would’ve been impossible for the victim to leave that bloody messenger cell. Ha! And what makes so sure youblahawfauihah! Hang on just one second, Dick! It would’ve been impossible for the victim to leave that bloody messenger cell. Ha! And what makes you thinks you, f*ck! April May will have her own trial tha(tongue pbbling). I brought visual of the floor office, f*ck yourselves. Thanks, it was a small victory. Was there something you wanna blublublu? (sigh) I know, that was just word garbage. Sorry. Your testimony, contains some oddly blublublu! (screams dramatically) Tell the truth! You were aware because you were listening on the calls of the Faya-? Fayla, Faylaaaaaa Ahffice! I saw yo- I seen- (laughs). Nnnngh. (farts) Ow, that burns. His Skittles are not of this Earth. (laughs) Wait, only one? That question changes nothing, I demand we go directly to the verdict. Dude, f*ck you! A little while later the boat came back to shore. Then a man walked by my window. He looked like that punk ass bitch, Eric Vale. (Just like what we heard from Lauda) I lost consciousness and woke up later in a hospital bed, with a giant erection. Oh, please father! (laughs quietly) Kill him. That dog sure was tasty! That guy has a major case of puppy love! Yeah, no joke! You wanna eat him? I’m positive of that. Uhhh, huh!? Oh, f*ck! Ok, I’m gonna go smoke a fat blunt. Go on Nick, I can take care of the rugrat! Hehe. You sure? I’m totally f*cked! Yeah, I know. (jar crashes) Because I was so clumsy, I let mystic Ami’s spirit fly away. Did you go cry to your mommy like a little bitch? I opened to the passenger door, wiggled my way outta there! Did you just dab? From what I heard, they used this picture as a reference for what she looked like before the wreck damn near melted her face off-! (laughs) Is this her driver’s license? Heh, yeah, I know. Uh? ****! Dad!? See ya! Bye! (farts) It’s the only place she could’ve been! OBJE(farts loudly)CTION!! (I don’t buy it, something doesn’t add up!) Oh shit, that’s a mental line. Tell us, Phoenix Wright! Just look closer. No way! Those appear to be buttholes. MOOOONNNNKEEEEEEEEEEEEY! Ah! Oh, man, ow! F*ck! What the f*ck was that all about, that hurt ma ears! He’s hot, wanna do him? Mhm. Acro’s little brother Shaun Dingaling, also known as Bat, was attacked by Leon, the circus lion, in a horrifying accident. His name is Dingaling!? But, when we had the scarf (bah) tested (bah) for anything out of the ordinary, we found traces of something on it. Eric Vale poop? That doesn’t even make any sense. Seriously? The note mentioned conclusive evidence, and you’re looking at it! Well, I never! Here are my XBOX One gaming staaaats. The court accepts them! I’M HERE FOR THE BIGGEST GAMBLE OF THE TWENTIETH CENTURURRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY(Dude, it’s over. We’ve been in the twenty-first century for a while now. Anyway!) YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!! I know, she’s definitely gonna try to f*ck me to take the case, no doubt. What exactly do you stand for? Tell me, do you even have an answer for that question? Huh? Well, uh (dicklips), what do I stand for? Pancakes? I like pancakes. I stand for pancakes! (laughs) Come with me, scruffy! Y-yes ma’am! That turn you on? (laughs) Oh shit, there he is! Red- red suit! (pause) Listen! It’s whachyu here to listen! (door opens) X gonna give it to you! Hell-erey own, X gonna deliver to ya! Haha, y’see!? Oh, hell yeah dude. The trial can go on, I shall argue in her stead. WOOO!! YEAH buddy guh! Hahaha! (Why are you here!?) He said it was to strengthen his body and soul. Well, that’s totally bullshit! I need someone to go by my place and feed Shoe. Haha, that’s my pet kitty. Named, Shoe? I haven’t been home for a while, so it’s probably dead by now. We can’t let the poor little kitty starve to death! Yeah, yeah we can. (laughs) There’s no knife! There’s no peanut butter for that jelly on the plate. (slams desk) I don’t think you’re ready for this, jelly. Guess it’s time you met the real Matt Anguard. Hah! (lifts hair and laughs evilly) Surprise, motherf*cker! It’s the real me! I’m Adrian Andrews, and I’m Matt Anguard’s manager. Bitch imma slap those glasses off yo’ face! Is it about that time we spent at camp together, sniffing each other’s armpits at night? Mmm, musky. This is some kind of wireless transmitter, which means somebody was watching this room remotely and jerking off. Here. War did u get da cardz, say?? The final showdown is about to get underway as the killer gives his testimony! It’sn, I’ve suddenly slipped into somebody else’s voice! It’s not a character in this show, is it a character on another show?? We found a picture of her in Anguard’s house that was signed: “Nice tits.” How long are you gonna ignore me, bro? The slam would be nice at this point. No one on their side (careful…) and it’s what it’s all about (careful, you pansy!). I call to the stand, CB-Radio! Ugh, AHHH!? (SAAAY WHAAAAAAAT) CB-RADIO!?? Because his fingerprints are all over it, that’s how! Oh. Why was his most beloved possession found at the defendant’s house? There’s only one answer. After murdering Carida that night in his hotel room, de killer then delivered de bear to his client-! (laughs) Didn’t read it till I got there! Who’s got froyo!? Unfortunately, it seems we are a bit too late. Aww! Damn it, that always happens! Consider this! The possibility Adrian Andrews asked the killer to steal the bear! And to what end? Because, well she, she thought a be-, um, I’m not really sure, I’m gonna figure this out! You just shut up there stupid! I’m gonna keep talking and- I win! (meows) Ah, you hear that? The cat! I did, yes. It was a loudass cat, I mean, who wouldn’t hear that? That’s not what normal men do. Well, why don’t you tell me what you can’t begaboogabooboogaboogagagabooga! The truth! You mean Phoenix Wright, don’t you? No, I mean you Miles Edgeworth! I wanna take you for a ride! I PUT MY FAITH IN YOU! Why’s everything in Japanese? Indeed it does, which as we know, is the name of the defendant. IT’S ALL A SETUP, A FRAUD! I, messed up. Order, order! Sorry to burst your bubble, but I have more evidence against you! You are so f*cked! What nonsense!? (cries and farts) Hahahaha! Hehehe, yes! Why don’t you put all the farts in everywhere! I didn’t realize I was starting to get so famous, gosh, you’re making me blush! Haha! (Relax, it’s not like you’re in an anime or something.) Maya’s the daughter of the Khurain school’s master and is training to become a spirit medium herself. Of course, the precocious little girl is Pearl Fey. She’s Maya’s cousin, and good lord, is she an annoying bitch. A criminal mastermind! A thief that targets rare treasures! And he dresses like when Eric Vale thinks he’s alone! It’s not gonna work. Sorry for dropping in unannounced. It’s cool! Without Rodney here, my only company is my giant box of dildos! There are a lot. (laughs) Thaaaat waz good. What is this? Something smooth and hard, li- Sorry, I don’t know! (laughs) I- That’s a hard line to deliver! Ok. (doorbell) Coming! Yeah he’s gone for the night, lemme kick these bitches out. Why is she here? Good ol’ Maya Fey. She’s the younger sister of my friend and mentor, the late Mia Fey. I met her a couple of years ago, and even defended her when she was falsely accused of Mia’s tragic murder. They’re from Khurain Village, home of the mysterious spirit- challenging farts. Maya’s the daughter of the Khurain’s School f*cking hell asshole! (screams) Oh no, you tripped on the dildos! (laughs) But what if it turns out that Ron Delight isn’t really Masked the Mask after all? Oh, because his wife said he was delusional!? Come on Nick, she’s not even that hot! And she’s fine, she’s- p-prettier than you! Hmm, what is this? Something smooth and hard, like a dildo. (door opens) The f*ck? What are you doing? Mhmhmhahaha! What. The. F*ck? Fingerprints? Really? Dare, don’t make me laugh, sir lawyer! That’s your big reveal? My, my. How thick headed. It would be perfectly understandable if that urn was covered in my fingerprints, after all I was the slick signal assigned to safety. (lipsyncing) Naw presenting your fingerprints as evidence! Hauh? Mr. Abby, you recall you saw me yesterday? The crane in urn that bag, there there wan’nt. Dass quite impossible. Tried looking in the bag myself, but, even better than that, I TOUCHED WHATEVER WAS INSIDE! Wha!? You did!? (slams desk) Your honor, read a bunch of stuff, past my line, can I go home- Otherwise, I suggest you throw out the pot and try another grind. Yes indeed. Your randomly ramblingbingbingbingadingbingabingabingbing. Beh beh beh beh beh bleh. Otherwise, I suggest you throw out the pot and try another grind. Yes indeed. Your randomly ramblingramramdomramdaomramram. Ram ram ram ram ram. Otherwise, I suggest you throw out the pot and try another grind. Yes indeed. Your rambling randomlyinininininininininiinin. Ininininininninininin! Wait, did he do it because knew security would come? Why didn’t I see it before!? Case close reference! HAHAHAHAHAHA HA HAAAAAAA. Objection!! The two intertime intertime intertimetimetime beneath inorderblainononsencetuioheiurarhohiaburblballablablabalb. It’s an emergency buzzer, can’t you read!? It says it right there! Oops, should’ve looked. It sets off an alarm of the basement guard that room that tells the security to hightail it tallawalker! I wonder, the other night, was that button pressed? I had the same thought, so I asked around. Security says there’s no record of the loud bleh-! Plus we tested the button for prints and we didn’t find a thing! Uwaaagh! Usually you’re like: “Serves you right, you got what you deserve ha ha ha ha ha!” or something along those lines. Well, I can tell when someone puts their heart into their- bleh! My mic cut out guys. At 1 am, the night of September 12th, Kane Bullard was killed in his office at KB security. What were you doing at that time? And most importantly, what are you doing after this? Maybe some dinner? Perhaps some cocktails! I gotta go pee. All I ever truly wanted was for my darling Dezzy to be happy, but this was the only way that I knew how to get enough money to make sure she stayed that way. Does she have a magic pussy? (laughs), Yes. (laughs) Suddenly there was a large set piece right in the shot where it hadn’t been before. Which means, you had to move it somewhere out of the line of sight at the very least, so everything would match your pictorial alibi for Bullard’s murdel. Murdel. AHAHAHAH, murdel!? I’m sorry Dezzy, I know you can’t stand criminals. Oh, the only petbaba ba ba~ how was that, nailed it. Like that awful detective! (laughs) You guys did such a wonderful job in there, major congratulations! Huh? What the f*ck. (laughs) What. Da. F*ck! Consider it done. Yay! In that case I’d like to go with you, there’s something I really want to do afterwards, I wanna ride Mile’s disco dick! What!? Whahahahat, what the f*ck!? After the incident with the first murder I quit the force and started working at a restaurant! That sounds like a nice change of pace! So you’re training to be an actor. Baaah, birdy! Pretty pretty bird, hah! Your honor, this clearly sheds down on his memory and he’s claimed he saw the defan-defundunt! Herkurburkaderkur! (groan) The defense gave a childlil- childishly, amateur, perf- I can’t even read those words. (sigh) Oh no. There should’ve been another man at the table across from the one you saw. Yes, that’s what magi vaseng, that was German. Hah! Ha, “that was magi vaseng!” it’s, wow, they’re so close! Hahahaha! Then I guess I kind of am responsible. My imposter was willing to defend this client, huh? (farts) Oh, gotta go drop one out. I shall hereby hand down the verdict to the case against Magi Bird: Guilty as f*ck! Yikes, that’ll never come out. Yeah, but what is it? Definitely not blood. Absolutely not, it totally doesn’t- oh, she had her period. I’m gonna go settle this in court tomorrow! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH! Argh, and now you! I hope you can forgiv- me- bluuuuuuurgh. Well, you weren’t wrong, were you Wright? I apologize for snooping, but this isn’t the repai- f*ck you Eric! Alright. Really, he impersonated you? He posed as her lawyer in the farbebe, bekabobobabukeyboo! (angry sounds) The murder at the french pastry, tres bien, has served up a full course of mystery! The strange bottle found at the kitchen, chef armstrong’s massive d*ck, the computer virus that the victim wrote worth millions on the black market. Why the hell should we give a crap about that tiny little bottle? Because it contains the potassium cyanide that cut Glen Ellg’s life good-(tongue raspering)! What!? And the Shadow of the Cadaverini crime family looming over it all. But I was able to figure out who was my imposter, a dangerous lone bleh. There’s only one thing on my menu; DICK… Gumshoe. It is true that the bottle in question was presented as evidence in Miss Bird’s first hearing a month ago. Listen bitch, this is my case, my witness, shut up old man beard and stupid farts. This particular one was found inside tres bien’s kitchen. Well I was alibi playing san bizzale! What a pertinent question. Analysis shows that the bobba-bi-bu- it’s, the stinky bottle. But how could that be!? So tell us Mr. Tigre, on the day of your murderahahahaha, you don’t remember that do you because you’re dead. What!? I don’t know nothing about none of that or what the hell a tres bien even is! You’re f*cking lying! Nuh-uh! (screen sounds) Then explain this note, bitch. What the-? What’s that? A hoist Steel Samurai! Can I f*ck it? (laughs) I’m afraid that I don’t actually understand all of the words that are coming out of my mouth. Objection! Could the international fugitive, Avery Richman, really be innocent? My opponent, American prosecutor Tristan Turnable, presents scores of evidence, all of it reinforcements- all of it re(laughs)inforces… to make matters worse, the lead actor in this show doesn’t know how to read words on the page, because he’s stupid and no one loves him. Find the contradictions, believe in the truth, next episode, I’ll sh*t the bed again! Take that! We’re moving again. Ahh, I wasn’t expecting that. Excuse me, what the f*ck are you looking at? Yes deary, and aren’t you just the sweetest for asking about me. Maya calls detective Gumshoe for help on her walkie-talkie, but it turns out, the train car we’re in seems to have vanished with bebe booby. Maya calls detective Gumshoe for help on her walkie-talkie bre hahah. F*ck you Eric. Edgeworth you say? That’s right, he and I used to do some pretty gay stuff. He’s a prosecutor, so he’s like Nick’s rival. The turnabout express finally rushes toward its conclusion. Find the tradehah, belivaboo, blafifibookaboo sssh*t yeah! According to the records, he’s named Gale. Alright, does anyone here have any idea where I left my pen! You didn’t let us get close to it, and then close the door behind you to preserve the crime scene! While you were buying time for him by the door, th-(coughs) oh, f*ck me in the head. (Gale Gilligang’s body didn’t vanish!) Wait, did you f*ck it!? (Sure did, I f*cked us!) By no small coincidence, we ended up behind the third car. So when we all reached the junction, choo-choo! Chugga chugga chugga chugga, woo-woo! We switched places! Then, they hid themselves behind the door! What!? Yeah! Uh, no! Yes! Objection! On behalf of sweet Dolly I object! Wait, seriously? Dammit Eric, get the hell outta here! Augh, no! It’s not right! I was under the impression we were here today to solve Duggie’s murder, am I wrong? Farting butthole. Hahahahaa! Dammit. No, it’s not my fault, it- it couldn’t be, I didn’t kill this guy! (thunder strikes) I kinda did! That morning, Dug had asked me to meet him behind the pharmacology department at 2:45pm. I was like, dude, I’m not into dicks like that but, I’ll meet you there, just don’t show me anything weird. Mr. Wright (farts) excuse me. Supposedly, a special kind of poison- This music turns me on! (laughs) I was thinking that too! I’m like what is this music!? What!? Anyway, I’d like to proceed with a brief summary of the events in question. This tragic incident occurred one rainy afternoon on the local campus of Iadi f*cking f*ckity f*ck, sorry. Pharmacology? Some fellow students happened upon the crime scene and noticed the authorities. Oh, notified, hah, I can’t read. And at that exact moment that Duggie collapsed I heard an extremely loud cracking noise, I thought my little heart was going to pitter-patter right out of my chest. I wanna pitter-patter all over your tits! What the f-!? What!? Why!? Whyyyy!?? Why. I’m sorry. Sorry for what? For, pooping my pants. (shits himself) What did he say!? Yeah, it was too big! So I had to break it into little pieces and chew it! You, did, what? (cries and yells) I got worried so I came back a little bit later. And I saw Dolly kneeling over him, she was sucking his dick. Yeah, if anybody even makes one root on my turf, you I will make him eat their words. I’ll use my gavel to pound them into their buttholes! (laughs) no! Think so!? Hm hm~ Taking the- ta-taking-tu-ta ta tay tay, tak- talking. Talking down to me. Uhhh. Well, that’s my personal philosophy. Nice, I’ve been thinking about taking some law classes and it's got me thinking about taking some law classes because that’s what I was thinking about. And after meeting you, I don't wanna be a lawyer! Oh really? Sounds like a really sh*t job, and you’re not really good at it! And everyone hates you afterwards, I mean not as much as if you were a voice actor in an anime but they still hate you, hahaha! Yeah. HAHAHAH! I’ve been doing some thinking too. About what? Penises, mostly. No, it’s not true! I have a request: Noah demand that Ms. Hawthorn gives sworn testimony regarding that incident before this court hahaha belelelebleh. Lemme try that again! If you believe that, I should ask you. Would you like to try a sample of this medicine? Huh? If she’s as innocent as you claim, surely there’s nothing harmful in this little bottle, andmericunsayncayn. She wouldn’t have ever said I’ve done all of those terrible things, I’m such a bitch. It’s tough, but learn from this and move on YA PANSY! I know. Oh, witness? I can tell you’re plan- you- your- AH! Oh yeah, she’ll have her own story to tell about this one. The f*ck Maya, let’s just go and eat ramen. Well, now that’s all figured out, I can give this one to Pearls! Wait up (sniffs hand) ew. Woah, I can hear something! (farts) Hahaha! It’s the waves! (Is it now?) The shell is filled with the sound of the ocean. Looks like a pretty old one. Since we’re here let’s ask the lord and savior Jesus Christ for help. (laughs) Would you please help us, Jesus Christ? Oh, I remember something myself, about the Jew Bank. Mmm, Mia, that was so good! Wasn’t it? I- could never forget my lines but I will though! Yes, very. It’s a special treasure that Mystic Maya herself gave me. Yeah, no one cares. (laughs) yeah! (Never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down, never gonna run around to hurt you) Yes, there it is! Because it seems the waves decided to come back. (laughs idiotically) (sigh) PFFHAHAHA (mimics sigh). I’ll start looking for another one around here, so if you could look over in that area, we might have better luck! Got it, there’s a Snickers bar in the water over here. Your special seashell is pretty hard to find~ F*ck you Eric (laughs). Bye (gunshot) Aiyaaaaaaa!! (drowning noises) To the contrary, we’re prepared to hear their statement at any time! Oh, your suit is loud! The pr- (laughs). Oh, I suppose youngsters these days don’t know when to give up. Well, I mean, she is a woman, what do you expect? What the hell!? As her back was to him, he followed her and gourd her like a bull! Aaaaa (coughs) I-I don’t have enough air! Standing tall as a proud member of the detective unit! I don’t believe that’s relevant. Detective, shut the f*ck up! (laughs) What, the victim was in on it? Guh. (laughs) (coughs blood) M-Mr. False! Drink, Fanta. Uh, ketchup!? Ketchup. Eh, that’s great, good work guys. Terry False was sentenced to death after being convicted in a kidnapping incident. Two days ago, he escaped custody. Heh, insapolicevasamurder. And her body was found in a trunk of a stolen car. It just so happens that the victim’s, testimony, is what put him away in the first trial (laugh) five years prior. Believing in his innocence, I took to the court to defend him, and as I pressed the eyewitness, malis- eh- fa- les- ter- I- caught- a- glimpse- of- the- TRUUUTH! I just felt wobbly all the way through the whole thing. And I don’t know what happened to her after that. To be perfectly clear, (laughs) t-that’s not perfectly clear AT ALL! The defense asserts this: our witness on the stand right now is the victim of the incident five years ago! What happened there? (Something happened) I started to sound like the judge (laughs) “ou-our witness,” ok. She managed to wake u- make her way back home along. (laughs) She managed to wake and bake! This man held a grudge agai- (coughs) r- (coughs) (coughs) Sorry, I do drugs (coughs). The defense has, nothing. What a joke are y- (grunts) what a joke, you put this whol- dih! What a joke, you put this who-k ah! (cries) So I’ll do things your way, Wright. I may be stuck here in bed, but I’ve learned I can masturbate up to 17 times a day! Sorry. Before coming here to see you, I paid a visit to Wright at the hospital. He requested I do him. (laughs) What? He really asked for that? He did. Be honest with me, you know- yuh- bah! EEarg-ooooraaaagggh, poison! (laughs) Dammit, I’ve gotta find (ah!) way to help her, I’m such a bitch. I’m shocked to see you’re alive. G-auaaugh! What have I done with my life! NICKY!!! What, hang on, I’m a prosecutor! Yeah, right! You kinda suck, seriously, you suck. But I know you can do this. And then later we can maybe hang out a little bit, maybe, date or something. There’s no turning back now. Did you say hot? Oh, you youngsters love to crack jokes! UHHHH!?!? You’re training here, and a hot bath is not part of that, you can shower in the cold waterfall though, hohohoho! UH MA GAWDDDD! I may be stuck here in bed, but the situation is going to go on without me. And still, the inner temple is cut off from everything. Poor Maya. Eh, f*ck her. About last night, can you share with me your recollections of what happened? Of course. After dinner, I led the new trainee and sister bikini across the bridge and over to the inner temple, and then at 10pm, I rang the lights after- bill! Augh! I rang the bell but then its- Ah! No, Maya! What the hell do you think you’re doing man, stop! Hey, no, lemme go now uh, ****! No way, the fricking bridge is on fire! Larry, f*ck you! Huh? I’m serious, there’s been a murder at the temple! Wait, for real!? She knows me, there’s not a doubt in my mind. Definitely need to bring it up with her again tomorrow. Yeah, we gunna f*ck. YAAAAUGH! Huh!? (anime screams) What’s your f*cking problem? By trainee, you mean Maya Fey. Yup! The training lasts all night long and at the hea- and at, and scene, sorry! Details like that are important detective, and perhaps you should take this as a clue to why you would never plalalalalalalblablabla. You’re right about that sir. Which is precisely the reason why I arranged out a different judge presiding over this case. Ok? Well, we’ve been waiting for Godot to get back to us because he was suppose to be the f*ck you! And as rookie defense attorney Miles Edgeworth defies von Karma’s relentless line of questioning, (inhale) he discovers a glaring contradiction. (inhale) Also, I make my triumph return! (inhale) I’M BACK IN THE SADDLE EDGEWORTH (inhale) AND I’LL RIDE THAT FACE STRAIGHT TO THE JUDGE (inhale) FINDTHECONTRADICTIONS BELIEVEINTHETRUTH NEXTEPISODEOFBRIDGETURNABOUTTHIRDTRIAL (inhale) TAKE IT! WOAH PROFESSOR EDGEW- professor? Hello, Gumshoe. Crazy, I didn’t even know that you wanted to shag me over here. As seen here, she was stabbed through the torso with a ceremonial sword held by a golden statue. My goodness, stabbed right in the butt! And- (laughs) I was not prepared, ahhhh, thanks! I’ll be leakier than a discount diaper! (laughs and then coughs) The defense is ready to present your argument- your argument? It is a pr- (laughs) sh*t. Yeah, I said it was his argument! And now, it’s just going to be me telling a story, a very short story, uh, once upon a time there was a defense prosecutor and his name was Phoenix Wright but he was in the hospital. And now taking his place, is a totally unqualified sh*t(whip crack). Maybe you should go on back to Urcradle. I’ll be just fine but tell me, how come you decided not to show up today’s trial perranvarbebeba. At least for the time being. What? What are you trying to say? We’ve proven that it is not. And then I just gave up, (laughs). What…? It, can’t be, it’s Japanese writing! Maya, I can’t let her die in there! (flashback) Maybe I can… But uh, you’re rather green. Mean green. Caw. CAW! ‘Cause it turns out that gorgeous angel can fly! Well, he’s clearly on meth. (bing) (laughs) Control your witness! You were the one who made that call were you not? Yeah, that’s exactly what I should’ve done, right? Lightning struck Dusky Bridge at approximately kebabskuebabkebabskuebabkebabskuebabkebabskuebabkebabskuebab, kebabskuebabsbab? (wheezed laughing) Death is something I’ve experienced first hand. Really, you died? Why couldn’t you have stayed that way. I want Maya, no one cares about you. I was so lonely and so scared that I was (and I know I’ve been saying that for like, three episodes, but really!) and I was by myself. You be nice to her, y’hear!? Cuz, if not, I’ll tatter ya! Put it in your ass, Butz! Haha, it’s where I keep it, Phoeee-nix! I was curious about this crystal, I wanted to check if it truly was the victim’s. You’re always working aren’t you. (grabs it) Can it f*ck me? (laughs) “Can it f*ck me” is just, such a nonsensical question to ask. Iris, I’m counting on you. You have two arms and two legs, and that equals four! Right. But I know, I’m-I, words. Betrayed her how? SHADDUP! (laughs) But I know none of this would've happened if I hadn’t betrayed her. Betrayed her how? It wasn’t a coincidence that Dusky Bridge was ther- b- b- bch, ffFUDGE! Sorry. But I know none of this would've happened if I hadn’t betrayed her. Betrayed her how? It wasn’t a coizi- ugh cuzzzz! But I know none of this would've happened if I hadn’t betrayed her. Betrayed her how? It wasn’t a coincidence that Dusky Bridge was the place where the ransom was going to be handled over, ther- there’s no handle, it’s just behanded! But I know none of this would've happened if I hadn’t betrayed her. Betrayed her how? It wasn’t a coincidence that Dusk- d-dammit! I’m heading over to the inner temple right now. (approaches) F*ck off. Uh? (laughs) I believe that was her name. HUUUUH! I’ve been electrocuted! Iris got away? Because this scruffy oaf couldn’t control her! F*cking idiot! Shoo! I’m sorry ma’am! What do you mean? Answer me Wright! I know where Iris went, number two right over there. The inner temple? Don’t be foolish. She’s started dating a college student for several months so she could use him. I’m curious, does she ever talk about that guy? Not really, but she did tell me one thing. She said, she hated his guts, that’s it. Is there a good place to kill myself around here. (laughs) Oh, before it slips my mind, I found something I thought was a little weird over there. (points) Sh*t, pull my finger! And whoever did it was a child, I’m sure. D-! The f*ck you mean by that? I mean it’s pretty obvious no adult would’ve made a silly little mistake like that. Bitch! When the ground began to tremble! I went over to escort the defendant, man I took my eye off of her for just a second, I really stepped it in this time! Sh*t. Man I took my eye off her. Man I- man, I took my eye off of her. Man I took my eye off of her in a stre-. Man I took, bahaha! F*ck me. Well, Dalia was in prison but now she’s no more. It happened about a month ago, her sentence was carried out. She was executed. (farts) Hahaha, and the tree takes a dump. If that’s a joke I don’t get it, how in the world can there be another one of me? Well, what about Dalia? I found out she was your twin sister. I’d like to have sex with both of you. (pause) And that’s how Iris got here. How much do you know about the twins? Do you at least know, f*cking, was it, Dahlia? Yes. I gathered her lifeless body and transported it to the main temple’s courtyard, then I defecated on it. Hhhhhh hawt! There’s a darkness underneath, complex and bitter, but still, tasty! Could you please stop describing your testicles. Think back to a big case from years ago, does she look familiar? Hmm. And I’m not talking about what you jerk at to at night. Master of the Khurain School, a woman who had been seen, neither or heard from 15 AND WHAT’S MORE, besides being Khurain’s master, she was also a dance instructor. Are you serious!? What, Mystic Misty!? She seriously danced so f*cking hard it was amazing. Disco, there’s just no reason, no reason to disco! (dramatic screaming) The most bone chilling truth uncovered though, was that little Pearl played an unwitting accomplice in her aunt’s murder, the one pulling the strings, behaand di tikist plut, is har muddar Mo’gan Fai, hoo objektiv wa tu wipe ut de main bludlyn uf de Kurayy Skoo und tu rap ull a dis, Maya haz bin trapd in de sakred caburn, eye hup shee’s ohkee. In order to save Maya, I may reach a shocking con- f*cking. The trial enters its final stages, and finally I can have sex with her, for the first time! Next episode, bridge to my sex and her, I’m gonna stick it in! Someone who I had to protect, even if it meant putting my own freedom in jeopardy. It was the master of the Khurain- Ku’rain. Ku’rain? Khurain. I was right the first time, dammit! There’s a sample being analyzed as we speak. But sister Iris testified that Elise threw this sword away in favor of a smaller one which makes no sense. It’s compounded by the fact that simple Elise- ah, “simple Elise”, hahah. Iris, I need the truth! You gotta tell me who it was that called you and told you to move the body! I don’t care about this trial anymore!! (laughs) You should try dragging the river instead, her body might turn up~. (slams desk) (constipated agony and farts) AHAHAHAH, HAHAHA! So that means GODDAMN ERIC VALE. Alright great, thanks. (farts) Excuse me. Help me, Nick. Oh I’ll help you baby~. Who’d you think? Let’s f*ck! Hmph! By who, who would stab you!? It was Maya, you dolt! (with ma dick!) Who else could’ve done it!? She said it was for Eric Vale! No way, you’re lying! She would never, stab you with ma dick! That suggests to me you recognised him, you seem to be wanting to help him f*ck. It’s not easy, but I hope you can f*ck me someday. F*ck you? (laughs) For what exactly? Because I want you! How hard will you fight for the people you care about most? That’s the truest measure of one’s character. It’s a question defense attorneys must ask themselves while preparing for HU AHHH and although the bonds we shared were tested from time to time, in the end the struggles only brought us closer, and I couldn’t wait to get away from them because they’re the most irritating f*ckheads I’ve ever known, goodbye Cleveland!
